Create CONTRIBUTING.md (#1)
hashgraph/.github: CONTRIBUTING.md

  trivial or minor enhancements. If the feature is sufficiently large, complex or requires coordination among multiple
  Hedera projects, it should first go through the
  [Hedera Improvement Proposal](https://github.com/hashgraph/hedera-improvement-proposal) process.

### Issue Lifecycle

The issue lifecycle is mainly driven by the core maintainers, but is still useful to know for those wanting to
contribute. All issue types follow the same general lifecycle. Differences will be noted below.

#### Creation

- The user will open a ticket in the GitHub project and apply one of the [issue type](#issue-types) labels.

#### Triage

- The maintainer in charge of triaging will apply the proper labels for the issue. This includes labels for priority and
  area.
- Clean up the title to succinctly and clearly state the issue (if needed).
- Ask the submitter to clarify any items.
- We attempt to do this process at least once per work day.

#### Discussion

- Issues should be connected to the [pull request](#pull-requests) that resolves it.
- Whoever is working on an issue (whether a maintainer or someone from the community), should either assign the issue to

>   them self or add a comment that they will be working on it.

Reviewer: nit: 
```suggestion
  themself or add a comment that they will be working on it.
```

Author: Updated

$ git commit -s -m 'Update README'
```

### PR Lifecycle

Now that you've got your [forked](#forking) branch, you can proceed to submit it.

#### Submitting

- It is preferred, but not required, to have a PR tied to a specific issue. There can be circumstances where if it is a
  quick fix then an issue might be overkill. The details provided in the PR description would suffice in this case.
- The PR description or commit message should contain
  a [keyword](https://help.github.com/en/articles/closing-issues-using-keywords)
  to automatically close the related issue.
- Commits should be as small as possible, while ensuring that each commit is correct independently
  (i.e., each commit should compile and pass tests).
- Add tests and documentation relevant to the fixed bug or new feature. Code coverage should stay the same or increase
  for the PR to be approved.
- We more than welcome PRs that are currently in progress. If a PR is a work in progress, it should be opened as
  a [Draft PR](https://help.github.com/en/articles/about-pull-requests#draft-pull-requests). Once the PR is ready for
  review, mark it as ready to convert it to a regular PR.

> - After submitting, ensure all GitHub checks pass before requesting a review. Also double check all static analysis and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After submitting, ensure all GitHub checks pass before requesting a review. Also double-check all static analysis and
```

Author: Updated
